How to Play: Ticket To Ride London | Board Games Explained

Ticket to Ride: London is a 2 to 4 player game where players are trying to score the most points by creating bus routes through 1970s London. Let’s take a look at setup.
Place the board in the middle of the table. Have each player select a color and put the corresponding score marker on 0. Also give each player the 17 buses of that same color. Shuffle the transportation deck and deal two cards to each player. Take the remaining transportation cards and create a row of five face-up cards. If the row ever has three or more rainbow bus cards, including during setup, immediately discard the entire row and create a new row with five cards.
Shuffle the destination tickets and deal two to each player. Each player looks at their destination tickets and selects at least one to keep but can keep both. Any tickets not chosen by players are placed at the bottom of the destination ticket deck. You are now finished with setup and are ready to begin play.
The youngest player will start, with play continuing clockwise. On a player’s turn, they must do one of the following three actions: draw transportation cards, claim routes, or draw destination ticket cards.
Drawing transportation cards allows a player to acquire new transportation cards. This can be done in a few ways. The first way a player can take this action is to draw from the row. A player can take any card from the row. They will then immediately replace the selected card from the deck.
The second way they can take this action is to take a card off the top of the transportation deck. A player can acquire two cards on their turn by drawing in either of these manners. For example, a player could draw two cards off the top of the deck, two cards from the face-up row, or any combination of that.
There is just one exception to this rule. If a player selects a rainbow transportation card face-up from the row, that is the only card they can draw on their turn. If they take a transportation card, they may not take a rainbow transportation card from the row with their second card draw. However, if they draw a rainbow transportation card face down from the top of the deck, they get their second card draw.
Remember, if the transportation row ever has three rainbow bus cards in it, discard the row and create a new one. Also, it is worth noting that there is no hand limit, so a player can have any number of transportation cards as they want.
Back to the actions a player can take. Another is to claim one route. A route is a line of the same-colored spaces between two locations. In order to claim your route, a player must discard a number of transportation cards that matches the number and color of the spaces between the locations. They will then take their own bus pieces and place one on each of these spaces.
The rainbow bus card acts as a wild and can be any color the player needs. You can even complete a route by using only rainbow bus cards. Some routes are grey. Grey routes do not require a particular color. However, when claiming them, the player must discard transportation cards that are all the same color.

Once the route has been claimed, no other player may claim that route. This means that no player can place their buses on those spaces. There is an exception to this rule, however. If you look at the board, you will notice some of the routes have two lines of routes. These are double routes. In a three or four player game, both routes can be claimed. One player cannot claim both routes, though. In a two-player game, once one of the routes has been claimed, the other can no longer be claimed.
There are also a couple other notes about claiming routes. The first is that you are able to claim any route on the board, even if it is not connected to any of your existing routes on the board. If you do not have enough buses to claim a route, then you may not claim that route.
Lastly, a player will score points immediately after claiming a route. You will score points depending on how long the route is. Here is the route scoring chart, which can be located on the corner of the board. If the route is one bus, you will get one point. If the route is two buses, you will get two points. If the route is three buses, you will get four points. If the route is four buses, you will get seven points. Move your marker the respective number on the score tracker that goes around the border of the board.
The last action a player can take on their turn is to draw destination ticket cards. If a player selects this action, they will draw two destination tickets. They then choose to keep both or get rid of one of the drawn tickets, but they must always keep at least one. Destination tickets that players get rid of are placed at the bottom of the destination card deck.
Destination tickets are cards that show two connected cities and a point value. If, at the end of the game, the two cities are connected by a continuous chain of routes, you get that number of points. If you are unable to connect the cities, though, you subtract that point value from your score at the end of the game.
The same continuous route may be used to successfully complete multiple destination tickets. Let’s say a player needs to connect Regent’s Park and Piccadilly Circus, but also Piccadilly Circus and Waterloo. This one continuous route counts for both. You cannot discard destination tickets that you have kept. In the off chance the destination deck only has one ticket left, you must keep this card if you take this action.
Play will continue clockwise until any player has two, one, or no plastic buses left. When this occurs, each player will take one last turn, including the player who triggered the game end. After all players have taken their last turn, each will do final scoring.
First, double-check everyone’s score for claimed routes. These should have been scored throughout the game, but double-check that everyone’s score is correct.
Second, each player, starting with the player in last place, reveals their destination tickets. Like stated before, they will score the point value total listed at the bottom if there is a continuous path connecting the depicted locations. If not, a player will lose the listed point value.
The last part of scoring is to see if any player connected all locations in a district. A district is all locations with the same color circle and number. If a player has connected all of those cities, they will score points equal to the number on the locations in that district. So, in this example, the player would score four points.

The player with the most points at the end of the game is the winner. In the event of a tie, the player that completed the most destination tickets wins. If there is still a tie, those players share the victory.